welcome to slash forward
and welcome back to familiar territory
as of this episode we're going to watch
the
updated version of the hills have eyes a
banger of a remake that unbeknownst to
me is a nearly shot for shot retread of
the original
so subscribe to the channel for an
unending repetitive pathway toward pain
let's get to it we open on an
info card that provides a little more
solid context for us
about how our antagonists are the
product of irresponsible radiation
poisoning from nuclear testing in new
mexico
we then transition to those very same
irradiated deserts
a mad max style wasteland that's kept
from the public eye they like to get in
there every once in a while and do some
testing
for fun but their specimen collecting is
interrupted by some poor lat
who brings with him the very product of
their malfeasance a wasteland mutant
with incredible upper body strength
we then slowly one-shot our way into a
small town consisting
solely of a run-down service station the
proprietor comes out spooked by an
unseen danger and casually strolls along
calling for ruby he even goes so far as
to cross a derelict fence demarcating
the forbidden zone and peering into a
nearby pigeonhole where he shouts some
words of warning at jupiter he then
returns to find a satchel of stolen
goods and shouts out to anyone who may
be listening that he's done with this
life
and has no intention of continuing with
this arrangement but the call of the
goody bag is a bit too strong to ignore
plus it's already here and he takes a
peek to find it pregnant with valuable
trinkets
including a human ear his accounting of
this new inventory is interrupted when a
wayward family rolls up looking for a
top off
on their fluids doug and lin wait things
out inside the sweat box while outside
we learn the family is on their way to
san diego but taking some time to
sightsee the flora and fauna of the
desert along the way
we meet the rest of the family as brenda
finds a new pink friend out back and
then right in front of his sister little
bobby drops his jinkos to take a piss in
the wind
while up front we learned that bob's a
retired detective there's no
cell service out in the sticks and that
they enjoy waving that baby around in
broad daylight like they're just
looking to get it eaten our inbred
attendant makes a cool 46 dollars as lin
goes to grab beauty and very nearly
stumbles upon the stolen bounty worried
about the possibility that his cover's
now blown he decides to grant his desert
clan one last gift
and lets bob know about an off map route
through the hills that'll shave a couple
of hours off the trip
now whether those hills happen to have
eyes or not he's not saying but bob
appreciates efficiency and with all that
setup now complete
we have an entire 90-minute movie ahead
of us as they drive along hoping the
road nowhere takes them somewhere
bob regales those in the lead vehicle
with stories of when their mom used to
be a little hippie who was hot to trot
while back in the airstream
doug and bobby hang in the bro den
smoking some cigs and sweating it out
the general calm is disrupted however
when they run over a spike strip which
causes bob to freak out and take a
boulder to the radiator then they rush
out to verify everyone's alright
and they are which is great it's always
good to know
everyone is all healthy and happy doug
pounces on the chance to connect with
his father-in-law over the extensive
damage he caused to their only vehicle
and by bringing himself to bob's
immediate attention
we walk he's recruited to help as we
know doug's going to head up the road a
piece while bob walks back toward the
service station to find a vehicle
or a phone brenda then shirts up for the
prayer and we see they're being observed
from a distance
after the men leave the ladies set up
their picnic dinner while the dogs get
all
riled up brenda absentmindedly lets
beauty out causing bobby to run off to
find her as he jogs along a washout he
hears sounds of doggy distress
but the echo makes it difficult to
pinpoint he eventually picks up a bloody
trail and finds that it leads to his
friend's carcass when he sees that her
evisceration may have been
tool assisted he gets spooked which sets
him to run and then results in him
taking a nasty fall
putting his lights out as the sun sets
we see that he's being watched over by
ruby and her dapper brother
gnawing on a haunch we then connect up
with doug who finds the end of the road
which terminates in a nuclear crater
that happens to be filled with an
automobile graveyard it takes some time
to sightsee thinking this turn of events
is pretty neat
and unknowingly soaks in a dangerous
amount of radiation as we pan out to see
this to be a significant formation
then after nightfall we see bob finally
arrive back at the station he looks
around but he can't find the proprietor
however with the phone not working he
decides to venture further in
and stumbles upon his bag of goodies
it's suspicious
and the presence of a human ear tips him
off that something's not quite right
here so he proceeds from this point with
gun drawn
he lamps up the wall finding a variety
of expositional clippings about nuclear
tests in the desert and homebound miners
who refused to abandon their land
resulting in a variety of birth defects
which naturally then led to the
disappearance of
many families over time now
understanding the con he feels betrayed
by his new friend
and rushes out to a nearby vehicle but
he hears the attendant drinking in the
outhouse
as is so often the case and when he
confronts him
bob receives the apology he was looking
for before he blasts his face
clean off and then bob starts firing on
an unseen target
wasting his ammo he wisely runs back to
the car but then discovers that he left
it unattended for too long
as an assailant pops out beats him
mercilessly and then drags him deep into
the mine
worried about what bobby may be up to
alone in the desert brenda goes off to
search for him
luckily he returns shortly after as they
mend him he gets jumpy over sounds from
outside and goes to investigate
finding that beast is now off leash then
he nearly shoots doug's dick off
they find that he's returned with
souvenirs for everyone as they head in
to examine his bounty we see the beast
is wandered off and found
beauty which sets the stakes of their
situation for him then
in a couple of familiar beats doug and
lin prepare to spend the night in the
suv which distresses bobby but he's
reluctant to say anything as everyone
settles in for some rest bobby hears
barking in the distance and goes out to
check on beast
as he gets closer the barking turns into
human laughter which causes him to run
back to warn doug and lin that there are
folks out hiding in the brush
and then he comes clean about the state
in which he found beauty but before they
can investigate further pluto hits the
high sign
setting off the big bob distraction
which occupies the family's full
attention
as they circle back to ransack the rv in
this version while we get some familiar
images it quickly devolves into a much
more
unflinchingly brutal assault scene as
the fire dies down
outside lin hears screaming from the
trailer and runs back to check
at this point they ramp things up
another few notches after lin jumps in
and decides to do whatever it takes to
protect her baby which ultimately ends
with ethel walking in on a forced
redneck breastfeeding
she takes a gut shot breaking the
tension and giving lyn the opportunity
to put a screwdriver in lizard's leg
which she works in real good but then
pays dearly for it brenda is saved only
for a lack of bullets as the fellas
arrive to chase them off in the
aftermath as they assess the damage we
see doug
confirming that his baby is now missing
this is being watched from a distance by
goggle who then becomes victim to beast
drawing first blood for the good guys as
they work to sort through all the
information that's been dumped on them
in an attempt to develop a plan
a voice outside calls out looking for
goggle prompting bobby to put three
rounds through the door
then he ventures out to find goggle's
radio still firmly gripped by his hand
beast hops out and they hear that
jupiter has plans to finish them all off
so doug jumps on the radio to see if he
can reason with them what the [ __ ] do
you want from us
but as he already said he wants them
dead the next morning doug takes beast
and heads on a redemption quest
easily finding the entrance to the mine
due to lizard's blood trail
he ventures in deep letting beast lead
him along until they find the tunnel's
exit which spits them out near a quaint
little mining town he radios back to
base but we see they're busy setting
tire fires and rigging up tripwires
as doug proceeds through the
neighborhood he finds it furnished for
nuclear fallout testing until he comes
upon home with a running generator
outside and he peeps his baby inside but
then a giant mutant lumbers by
dragging his pet corpse along with him
requiring doug to duck into a nearby car
he leaves beast here so he has more
control over his sneak levels
as he goes to retrieve catherine he
attempts to do so without administering
any free violence despite a clear
opportunity to do so
which proves to be a mistake back at the
rv they take a novel approach
attempting to lure their baby back with
a toy attached to a fishing pole and
then they continue their general
preparations
then doug wakes up inside a meat storage
bin luckily still intact and slap
thrusts his way out while beast also
finds a way out of his cage
doug then follows sounds of patriotic
singing which are emanating from a
wretched intellectual who decides to
give
doug some exposition just in case anyone
was concerned about why they're so
enamored with slaughtering our people
then pluto busts in with an axe and dug
mostly just ducks and dodges until beast
hops in
giving him a chance to regroup in the
bathroom but he continues to be
surprised when they defy convention and
he ends up with a bat shard that he
places in pluto's torso
this only grants him a momentary
reprieve and after a massage
manicure doug plays like he's helpless
to gain the upper hand and gives his
assailant the 4th of july special
now comfortable with the taste of his
enemies blood he easily negates the
outside mutant's neck halo before
stylishly finishing him off
this prompts brainiac to give the order
kill the baby
which beast does not appreciate even a
little bit as
doug searches the town for katie we see
ruby gets shooed out of the butcher's
room and it's revealed that she's pulled
a willow on lizard
then doug catches her figure running
across the ridgeline and goes to
intercept
back at the rv they get a warning sign
their attacker has arrived but when they
investigate
it appears to have just been a
tumbleweed tugging on the line however
when they return to the suv their mom's
body is missing
bobby gives the order for brenda to
start her part of the plan as he runs
off in pursuit
unfortunately he quickly regrets this
mistake as he turns a corner to the
sounds of a raw flesh mukbang and gets
chased back to camp by jupiter
as he runs through we see them setting
up a familiar propane trap
and jupiter greedy for more meat pops in
and gets himself
roasted meanwhile doug cuts ruby off and
finds that she means well
but he's then ambushed by and entangled
with a man
much more entrenched in a life of
violence than he but doug finds himself
empowered by baby rage and bludgeons him
soundly
father and daughter are then reunited
but lizard still has another round in
him
leaving ruby to fulfill her redemption
art finally brenda takes satisfaction
the opportunity to dent in someone's
forehead and then all the remaining
survivors are reunited
here i was originally gonna make a
sarcastic comment about how all that's
left is for them to take a pleasant
stroll
out of the desert easy as that is but
then the filmmakers pan back to show
them still being watched
so yeah
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots
i hadn't realized that this remake so
closely followed the first one
similarly to evil dead i think it did a
good job of telling the original story
but
ramping things up for a modern audience
i enjoyed the overall expansion on the
desert mutant family dynamics but
remember jupiter as being more of a
dangerous mastermind than a raving
lunatic
even so this is a solid remake if you
enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching